[charts] Remove react spring (#17123)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/components/components.md

{{"demo": "SeriesDemo.js"}}

### Animation

Some elements of charts are animated, such as the bars in a bar chart or the slices in a pie chart.

> We prioritize CSS animations, but some animations aren't possible using CSS. In those cases, we use JavaScript to animate elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The charts use CSS animations when possible, but some animations can't be done using CSS only. In those cases, JavaScript is used to animate elements.
```

The animations of elements that are animated using CSS can be customized by overriding the CSS classes:

{{"demo": "CSSAnimationCustomization.js"}}

When it isn't possible to leverage CSS animations, the default components are animated using custom hooks.

If you want to use the default animations in custom components, you can use these hooks.

> They are available for each element that is animated using JavaScript and are prefixed with `useAnimate`, e.g., `useAnimateLine` or `useAnimatePieArcLabel`.

Reviewer: Maybe list all the `useAnimate` hooks instead? 🤔 

- `useAnimateLine`
- `useAnimatePieArcLabel`
- ...

In the example below, labels are positioned above the bars they refer to and are animated using the default animation:

{{"demo": "JSAnimationCustomization.js"}}

> Alternatively, you can use own our animation library to create custom animations, such as React Spring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use your own animation library to create custom animations, such as React Spring:
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe comment on the performance hit of using js animation libraries?

```suggestion

Note that JS animation libraries can cause performance issues when rendering many data points or relying on interactions.

```

Author: I guess we can add this, but what do you mean by "relying on interactions"?

Reviewer: I wanted to mean that animations have the possibility of making user interactions like highlights, tooltips and zoom slower

Author: Makes sense. Updated 👍
